edinburgh-london 4 orange/black
london-dieppe 2 1f/1f
dieppe-brest 2 orange
brest-paris 3 black
brest-pamplona 4 pink
pamplona-paris 4 green/blue
dieppe-paris 1 pink
dieppe-brussels 2 green
brussels-paris 2 yellow/red
paris-marseilles 4 grey
marseilles-barcelona 4 grey
marseilles-pamplona 4 red
pamplona-madrid 3 black/white t
pamplona-barcelona 2 grey t
barcelona-madrid 2 yellow
madrid-cadiz 3 orange
cadiz-lisbon 2 blue
madrid-lisbon 3 pink
marseilles-zurich 2 pink t
marseilles-rome 4 grey t
zurich-paris 3 grey t
zurich-venice 2 green tunnel
venice-rome 2 black
zurich-munich 2 yellow t
venice-munich 2 blue tunnel
munich-wien 3 orange
wien-zagrab 2 grey
venice-zagrab 2 grey
zagrab-budapest 2 orange
zagrab-sarajevo 3 red
sarajevo-budapest 3 pink
sarajevo-athens 4 green
athens-brindisi 4 1f
brindisi-rome 2 white
rome-palermo 4 1f
palermo-brindisi 3 1f
athens-smyrna 2 1f
palermo-smyrna 6 2f
smyrna-constantinople 2 grey t
smyrna-angora 3 orange t
constantinople-angora 2 grey t
angora-erzurum 3 black
sophia-constantinople 3 blue
sophia-athens 3 pink
sophia-sarajevo 2 grey t
sophia-bucharest 2 grey t
bucharest-constantinople 3 yellow
bucharest-budapest 4 grey t
budapest-wien 1 white/red
berlin-wien 3 green
berlin-frankfurt 3 black/red
frankfurt-munich 2 pink
paris-frankfurt 3 white/orange
frankfurt-brussels 2 blue
frankfurt-amsterdam 2 white
amsterdam-brussels 1 black
frankfurt-essen 2 green
amsterdam-london 2 2f
essen-copenhagen 3 1f/1f
copenhagen-stockholm 3 yellow/white
essen-berlin 2 blue
essen-amsterdam 3 yellow
stockholm-petrograd 8 grey t
berlin-danzig 4 grey
berlin-warsaw 4 pink/yellow
warsaw-wien 4 blue
danzig-warsaw 2 grey
danzig-riga 3 black
riga-petrograd 4 grey
riga-wilno 4 green
warsaw-wilno 3 red
wilno-petrograd 4 blue
warsaw-kiev 4 grey
kiev-budapest 6 grey t
kiev-bucharest 4 grey
kiev-wilno 2 grey
wilno-smolensk 3 yellow
smolensk-kiev 3 red
smolensk-moscow 2 orange
petrograd-moscow 4 white
moscow-karkov 4 grey
karkov-kiev 4 grey
karkov-rostov 2 green
rostov-sevast 4 grey
sevast-bucharest 4 white
rostov-sochi 2 grey
sevast-sochi 2 1f
sochi-erzurum 3 red t
sevast-erzurum 4 2f
sevast-constantinople 4 2f
