seattle-vancouver 1 grey/grey
calgary-vancouver 3 grey
seattle-portland 1 grey/grey
calgary-seattle 4 grey
portland-sanfran 5 green/pink
sanfran-la 3 yellow/pink
seattle-helena 6 yellow
portland-slc 6 blue
sanfran-slc 5 orange/white
la-vegas 2 grey
la-pheonix 3 grey
la-paso 6 black
slc-vegas 3 orange
pheonix-paso 3 grey
pheonix-sf 3 grey
sf-paso 2 grey
denver-pheonix 5 white
paso-houston 6 green
denver-sf 2 grey
slc-denver 3 red/yellow
helena-slc 3 pink
calgary-helena 4 grey
helena-denver 4 green
helena-winnipeg 4 blue
calgary-winnipeg 6 white
helena-duluth 6 orange
winnipeg-duluth 4 black
helena-omaha 5 red
duluth-omaha 2 grey/grey
denver-omaha 4 pink
denver-kc 4 black/orange
denver-okc 4 red
sf-okc 3 blue
paso-okc 5 yellow
paso-dallas 4 red
omaha-kc 1 grey/grey
kc-okc 2 grey/grey
okc-dallas 2 grey/grey
dallas-houston 1 grey/grey
houston-orleans 2 grey
orleans-ltrk 3 green
dallas-ltrk 2 grey
okc-ltrk 2 grey
ltrk-stlouis 2 grey
kc-stlouis 2 blue/pink
omaha-chicago 4 blue
stlouis-chicago 2 green/white
duluth-chicago 3 red
duluth-toronto 6 pink
duluth-ssm 3 grey
winnipeg-ssm 6 grey
ssm-montreal 5 black
ssm-toronto 2 grey
toronto-montreal 3 grey
toronto-chicago 4 white
chicago-pittsburgh 3 orange/black
toronto-pittsburgh 2 grey
stlouis-pittsburgh 5 green
stlouis-nash 2 grey
ltrk-nash 3 white
orleans-atlanta 4 orange/yellow
orleans-miami 6 red
atlanta-miami 5 blue
charleston-miami 4 pink
atlanta-charleston 2 grey
nash-atlanta 1 grey
raleigh-charleston 2 grey
atlanta-raleigh 2 grey/grey
nash-raleigh 3 black
pittsburgh-nash 4 yellow
pittsburgh-raleigh 2 grey
raleigh-dc 2 grey/grey
pittsburgh-dc 2 grey
ny-dc 2 orange/black
pittsburgh-ny 2 green/white
boston-ny 2 yellow/red
ny-montreal 3 blue
montreal-boston 2 grey/grey
